[docs] document build and update job hooks and defaults.hooks (#48047)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/syntax.mdx

### `jobs.<job_id>.hooks`

> Some pre-packaged jobs support hooks to run additional steps before or after the main job action (for example, `maestro-cloud`, `maestro`, and `submit`). Hook names are job-specific. See the job's documentation for the available hook keys. To set default hooks for all jobs in the workflow, use [`defaults.hooks`](#defaultshooks).

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** This PR documents hooks for the build and update jobs, but the example list on this line still names only the three jobs that supported hooks before (`style-guide.md#core-principles`). Naming the newly documented jobs keeps the example list current for the reader who lands here first.

```suggestion
Some pre-packaged jobs support hooks to run additional steps before or after the main job action (for example, `build`, `update`, `maestro-cloud`, `maestro`, and `submit`). Hook names are job-specific. See the job's documentation for the available hook keys. To set default hooks for all jobs in the workflow, use [`defaults.hooks`](#defaultshooks).
```

Author: Went one step further and made it the full list: the sentence now names all nine jobs that support hooks, since this PR now documents hooks for each of them (see the other thread). Dropped the "for example" phrasing accordingly.

Parameters to use as defaults for all jobs defined in the workflow configuration.

### `defaults.hooks`

Default [hooks](#jobsjob_idhooks) for all jobs in the workflow. Each job runs the hook keys that apply to it and ignores the rest. A job-level hook key overrides the same key from `defaults.hooks`. To opt a single job out of a default hook, set the key to an empty array.

```yaml
defaults:
  hooks:
    before_install_node_modules:
      - name: Configure private registry
        run: echo "//npm.pkg.github.com/:_authToken=$GITHUB_TOKEN" >> .npmrc

jobs:
  build_app:
    type: build
    params:
      platform: ios

>   publish_update:
>     type: update
>     hooks:
>       before_install_node_modules: [] # opt this job out of the default hook

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** The opt-out example contradicts the section's own rules (`style-guide.md#core-principles`). The prose above says each job "runs the hook keys that apply to it and ignores the rest", and the update job's documented hooks are only `before_update` and `after_update`. As written, `publish_update` opts out of a hook key that an update job would ignore anyway, so the `[]` reads as a no-op and implies update jobs run install hooks. Demonstrating the opt-out with a second build job shows a case where the key actually applies. If update jobs do run the install hooks, add them to the update job's hooks documentation instead.

```suggestion
  build_preview:
    type: build
    params:
      platform: android
    hooks:
      before_install_node_modules: [] # opt this job out of the default hook
```

Author: You caught a real gap here, one level deeper than it looks: update jobs do run the install hooks (the job checks out the project and installs dependencies before publishing), and the same goes for several other job types. The docs just never said so. So instead of swapping the example, I added the missing hook lists to every hook-capable job (deploy, fingerprint, repack, testflight, submit, update, maestro, maestro-cloud). The example is consistent as written now: the key applies to both jobs shown, and the update job opts out. Thanks for the nudge, it reminded me we had skipped documenting these lists.
